Follower_It

This mod lets you turn any companion (even those from mods) into a "follower" who doesn't count towards the group limit.
To turn a companion into a follower, simply make him drink a potion that can be purchased (unlimited stock):
In BG1EE from Bentley Mirrorshade in the Friendly Arm Inn.
In BG2/BG2EE from Hes, on the Waukyne promenade just outside the Irenicus dungeon.
In TOB from the keeper of the Tankard Tree in Saradush.
In IWDEE from Oswald in Kuldahar.



Note on followers:
- They have no banters, no dialog, no associated quests.
- They don't gain xp. To increase their xp (and equip them), proceed as follows: 
   * you must have activated the cheats
   * you must have a free place in the group
   * add the follower to the group by pointing to it and pressing Ctrl+Q
   * give the follower xp using the console (and equip him if necessary)
   * have him drink a potion to become a follower again.
- You can " talk " to followers to ask them to return to the group, but I don't recommend it: the Ctrl+q command works very well, whereas the return dialogue doesn't work very well with certain pnjs (some can't stand being excluded from the group).
- Using QTRL-Q and the potion, you can make the pjs follow/return as much as you like. You can trigger their quest if you know how.
- They become hostile if they are targeted by an allied spell/attack (or if they are caught in the area of a spell like Fireball). In this case, the only solution is to reintegrate them into the group.



The "Followers are invulnerable" option gives them "minimum hit point = 1" and simulates a "false death" (Otiluke's Resistant Sphere) as soon as they have 3 hit points. There are 4 possible options:
1) False death for 1 turn, tombstone: the false death lasts one turn and hides the inaccessible follower behind a tombstone.
2) False death for 1 turn, dying corpse: same as option 1, but the tombstone is replaced by a dying corpse. Note that the corpse is not always easy to see.
3) False death indefinitely, wand to raise them, tombstone: as option 1, but the fake death is permanent. Where you buy potions, you can also buy a wand (infinite charge) that can raise followers in this state.
4) False death indefinitely, wand to raise them, agonizing corpse: as option 3, but with an agonizing corpse instead of a tombstone.

This option has a bug/glitch: if you reintegrate the follower into the group, he can "survive" ONE death replaced by the chosen option. After that, he can die normally (as long as he's in the group).

This option does not protect followers from the effects of death / disintegration / petrification. If they happen to die from this, you can simply bid them farewell.



What's the point of having people follow you out if they've got nothing more to say?
Well, let's take into account the pnjs who already don't have much to say:
Wilson (BG2EE), the heavyweight tank with nothing to lose because nothing to say.
Keldorn, with his super class and cool equipment, he loses a few banters and his mini quest.
Edwin and his +2 spells/level, he loses a few banters and his mini quest.
Viconia and her 65% MR, she loses a few banters, her mini quest, and her romance only if you play a woman.
1 day npc Horace and his +2 APR, he has almost nothing to say.
1 day npc Valen and her cheated level drain, she has almost nothing to say.
1 day npc Theal and his True vision and Mutant power, he has almost nothing to say.
1 day npc Malthis and his cheated equipment (including a sword that drains a level without save), he has almost nothing to say. ( Keep him for a while before making him drink the potion, his quest parts to make him evolve to the max flow together and take 10 minutes at most).
If you really don't care about dialogues: Yasraena and her 72% MR and +1 APR or Tashia the sorceress with 25% MR and her fighting lion with 100% MR.
+ surely other (One day) npcs that are cheated ^^



Version history :
V1: First online release
V2: Forgotten vision spell in first archive added
	Added labels for Selphira
	Added "followers can't die" option.
V3: For the "followers can't die" option, the Otiluke Sphere is replaced by a tombstone: immortal followers are really "dead" for 1 turn.
	For the "followers can't die" option, the vanilla Otiluke Sphere is now launched: so if it's modified by a mod, the modification is taken into account.
V4: Added another option for "followers cannot die".
	Added compatibility with IWDEE (if you ever install one of the companions for IWDEE created by Lava Del'Vortel)
V5: The potion becomes infinitely usable.
	In IWDEE Pomab also sells potions, to be able to create level 1 followers.
	Removal of the "Corpse as in POE" option for "Followers cannot die", replaced by "Awakening by wand".
v6: added option "agonizing corpse" instead of the tombstone.
v6.1: False death no longer attracts cowled wizards.
v6.2: The potion was not infinite (again, forgot to copy a file in Github).
      After several followirisation/reintegration/false deaths, the reanimation wand no longer worked: the follower remained "dead" indefinitely. Attempted to fix this (not sure).
	  Added in the readme note that followers don't like to be attacked/targeted by an allied spell.
V6.3: the “followers can't die” options didn't install on IWDEE.